.TH SIMULATE 1
.SH NAME
simulate \- MIPS processor simulator
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B simulate
[\fB\-\-verbose\fR]
[\fB\-p\fR \fINUMPROCESSES\fR]
[\fB\-t\fR \fINUMINSTS\fR]
[\fB\-a\fR \fIALGORITHM\fR]
[\fB\-b\fR \fIBITS\fR]
[\fB\-a\fR \fIPAGESIZE\fR]
[\fB\-m\fR \fIMEMSIZE\fR]
\fB\-r\fR \fIPROGRAM\fR
\fB\-d\fR \fIDATADIR\fR

.B simulate
\fB\-\-help\fR

.B simulate
\fB\-\-version\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B simulate
MIPS processor simulator that executes MIPS assembly programs.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Output a brief help message and exit.
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-version
Output version information and exit.
.TP
.BR \-V ", " \-\-verbose
Output information at each stage of execution.
.TP
.BR \-p ", " \-\-num\-processes =\fINUMPROCESSES\fR
Set the number of processes
Default is 32 processes.
.TP
.BR \-t ", " \-\-instruction\-time\-slice =\fINUMINSTS\fR
Set the number of instructions in an instruction time slice.
Default is 50 instructions.
.TP
.BR \-a ", " \-\-vm\-algorithm =\fIALGORITHM\fR
Specify the virtual memory algorithm to use when executing this program.
.TP
.BR \-b ", " \-\-virtual\-address\-bits =\fIBITS\fR
Secify the number of bits in a virtual address.
Default is 24 bits.
.TP
.BR \-g ", " \-\-page-size =\fIPAGESIZE\fR
Specify the size of a page.
Default is 4KiB.
.TP
.BR \-m ", " \-\-memory-size =\fIMEMSIZE\fR
Specify the size of physical memory.
Default is 1GiB.
.TP
.BR \-r ", " \-\-program =\fIPROGRAM\fR
Specify the program to execute.
The program must be under the
.B data
directory.
\.TP
.BR \-d ", "\-\-data\-dir =\fIDATADIR\fR
The data directory to store the program's assembly files in.
.SH AUTHOR
John C. Matty <jcmjohnmatty@gmail.com>
.SH SEE ALSO
For more information, please see \fBsimulate\fR\'s full documentation.
